Print function taken from: 
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2370942/arm-assembly-print-register-	value-in-decimal

Contribution of each team member:
Benjamin Chen
- Figured out how to change Makefile
- Wrote how to run the project
- Setup emulator to test the compiler
- Worked on the compiler
- Worked on the emulator

Joseph Yin
- Figured out miscellanous ARM things
(like printing and global variables)
- Wrote the report
- Setup the git repo for the project
- Worked on the compiler
- Worked on the emulator


What did you propose to do?
Create a fun2ARM compiler with an emulator that goes along with it

what did you actually do?
We ended up creating a fun2ARM compiler and emulator. But we were
unable to sucessfully link the two due to complications with 
loading from ELF files within the emulator. The emulator code is 
still there, but due to broken loading from memory, is not run.

What was difficult?
It was difficult learning the various details of a foreign 
architecture. For ARM, we did not have the knowledge about the
architecture that we had from class. This led to complications
with understanding how the different registers were set up in ARM
as well as other details like accessing memory through variables
or the different addressing modes in ARM. Along with that, it was
difficult to make the various helper functions that were given in 
p5 to help with the compiler such as the given functions that printed.
In addition, it was difficult to figure out how to get the emulator to
work with the compiler given that the helper functions in p6 were able to 
load from memory. Due to inexperience with working with ELF as well 
as time crunch due to impending finals, we decided to just do a fun2ARM
compiler.

What did you learn?
We learned about the ARM architecture such as the different addressing 
modes utilized within the architecture. In addition, we learned about 
other details like the cond field within each instruction which makes it
possible for all instructions to be conditionally ran.
